From: Bence Szabó (bence.szabó@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Péter Kovács, Gábor Kiss, Anna Nagy, Eszter Horváth, Zsófia Varga
Date: 2025.06.29 10:30
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Great, thanks for the status, Péter!
Since we're doing so well with the DivatKirály project, how about a team lunch this week? Say, Friday? We could order some pizza, company expense. :)
What do you think?
Regards,
Bence

From: Zsófia Varga (zsofia.varga@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Bence Szabó, Péter Kovács, Gábor Kiss, Anna Nagy, Eszter Horváth
Date: 2025.06.29 10:38
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Hi Bence,
Great idea, I'm in! Though instead of pizza, I'd rather vote for Mexican, a new place opened around the corner. But pizza is fine too if the majority wants that. :D
Friday works for me too!
Zsófi

From: Gábor Kiss (gabor.kiss@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Zsófia Varga, Bence Szabó, Péter Kovács, Anna Nagy, Eszter Horváth
Date: 2025.06.29 11:15
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Hi everyone,
The "doing well" part is mostly true for your end so far, I still have to wrestle with the payment gateway this week. :)
But Friday lunch is okay, just don't overdo it. Pizza is more practical.
Gábor

From: Anna Nagy (anna.nagy@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Gábor Kiss, Zsófia Varga, Bence Szabó, Péter Kovács, Eszter Horváth
Date: 2025.06.30 09:40
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Hi everyone,
I've sent the V3 mockup to Zeplin, please work from there, not from the V2 on the drive. I've also updated the button colors according to the final branding.
Thanks,
Anna

From: Péter Kovács (peter.kovacs@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Anna Nagy, Gábor Kiss, Zsófia Varga, Bence Szabó, Eszter Horváth
Date: 2025.06.30 09:45
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Hi Anna,
I don't think this was meant for here. :)
To the others: let's discuss the lunch topic during the morning standup, let's not burden the project correspondence with it. Until then, everyone think about whether it's pizza or Mexican.
Thanks,
Péter

From: Anna Nagy (anna.nagy@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Péter Kovács, Gábor Kiss, Zsófia Varga, Bence Szabó, Eszter Horváth
Date: 2025.06.30 09:48
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Oh, sorry, indeed! I wanted to write this in the "Solar Panel Tender project" correspondence. My apologies for the confusion!
I vote for Mexican. :)
Anna