From: Péter Kovács (peter.kovacs@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Eszter Horváth, Anna Nagy, Gábor Kiss, Bence Szabó, Zsófia Varga
Date: 2025.06.28 10:00
Subject: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Hi everyone,
Quick weekly status:
Frontend: Homepage modifications are done, product page is at 80%. (Thanks Bence)
Backend: Payment gateway integration is ongoing, testable version will be ready this week. (Thanks Gábor)
Registration: Done, tested. (Thanks Zsófi)
We're in good shape, let's keep up the pace. If there's any blocker, let me know.
Have a good week,
Péter

From: Eszter Horváth (eszter.horvath@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Péter Kovács, Anna Nagy, Gábor Kiss, Bence Szabó, Zsófia Varga
Date: 2025.06.28 11:30
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Great, thanks for the update Péter!
Oh, and in last week's meeting, the client mentioned it would be good if the search worked not only for product names but also for item numbers (SKU). I forgot to mention this until now, sorry. I don't know how big of a job this is.
Regards,
Eszter

From: Anna Nagy (anna.nagy@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Eszter Horváth, Péter Kovács, Gábor Kiss, Bence Szabó, Zsófia Varga
Date: 2025.06.29 09:25
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Hi Eszter,
Oops, that's important info. This is a new requirement, not in the current specification. Gábor, the backend search engine currently only searches in the 'product_name' field, right? The 'sku' field should also be included.
Péter, we need a new ticket for this, and we need to estimate the effort.
Regards,
Anna

From: Gábor Kiss (gabor.kiss@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Anna Nagy, Eszter Horváth, Péter Kovács, Bence Szabó, Zsófia Varga
Date: 2025.06.29 10:10
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Yes, the search currently only looks at the name and description. Searching by SKU is feasible, but the current logic needs to be extended. About half a day of work on the backend side, plus testing.
Gábor

From: Péter Kovács (peter.kovacs@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Gábor Kiss, Anna Nagy, Eszter Horváth, Bence Szabó, Zsófia Varga
Date: 2025.06.30 09:00
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Alright, thanks everyone. Anna, please create a ticket in JIRA with the title "Extend search by SKU". Eszter, let's inform the client that this is an extra development, but we'll do it. Gábor, can you make time for it next week?
Péter

From: Gábor Kiss (gabor.kiss@kisjozsitech.hu)
To: Péter Kovács, Anna Nagy, Eszter Horváth, Bence Szabó, Zsófia Varga
Date: 2025.06.30 09:15
Subject: Re: DivatKirály - Weekly status and development progress
Sure, I can schedule it for next week.
Gábor
